# Personal_Report_Projects
Personal Reports

# Clown Fish and Blue Tang Fish Species Classification using Color Moment Feature:  

Image vision can be used in the sky, on the ground, and underwater. This research proposed a fish species classification technique using the colour moment feature and a K-NN classifier. 
The colour moment is based on the probability distribution categorized as the mean, standard deviation, and lack of symmetry in probabilistic distribution (skewness) from the RGB colour model of the images. 
The dataset collected from Google image search contains 15 clown fish and 15 blue tang fish images. Then, 30 input images are cropped and resized before extracting each colour moment feature, based on the RGB model. 
The extracted features were stored, and the classification process was performed using a K-NN classifier. The accuracy achieved on the training data was 90.48% and 89% was achieved on the testing data.

# Interactive Learning Using Augmented Reality Image Marker Type of Application in Online Classrooms 

Currently, the world faces a deadly virus knowingly as COVID-19, which has globally impacted the economic, educational, and tourism sectors. As instructed by the world health organization (WHO), the government for each respective country needs to enforce lock down and stay-at-home measures to slow down the spread of the virus. As educational institutions close due to the pandemic, they have adopted a new norm of learning through video conferencing. This study aims to develop interactive and fun learning for the online classroom to overcome the boredom and stressful environment during distance learning by using AR technology in education. AR technology can possibly be used in education tracking an image marker using mobile vision. Then, the functionality of image marker was tested through Google Meet. The results show virtual 3-D models generated by scanning the image marker using mobile devices.
